The Project is focusing on implementing of ajax in Django.
admin is added,PostgreSQL DB is linked with Django in this commit.
Tutorial of the implementation part has been added in "django_ajax_tut.odt" file.


Installation of technologies

Requirements:
webserver Nginx
Database PostgreSQL
WSGI app server guncorn
django
jquery
python (obviously)

To Install Postgre in Django Project

After deactivating the virtualenv

Install the dependencies for PostgreSQL to work with Django with this command:
sudo apt-get install libpq-dev python-dev


After you have done with this install PostgreSQL with this command:
sudo apt-get install postgresql postgresql-contrib


PostgreSQL is now install in your system now ready to roll.


To install NGINX

NGINX is an incredibly fast and light-weight web server. We will use it to serve up our static files for our Django app. To install it just run this command:

sudo apt-get install nginx

Keep in mind that you still need to start NGINX

To install Gunicorn

Gunicorn is a very powerful Python WSGI HTTP Server. Since it is a Python package we need to first activate our virtualenv to install it. Here is how we do that:

source myenv/bin/activate

then add gunicorn with,
pip install gunicorn

Configure PostgreSQL

Start PostgreSQL with following command:
sudo su – postgres

Create database
createdb abcxyz

Create user
createuser -P anyusername

To activate PostgreSQL enter:
psql

Finally grant this user access to your new database with the command:
GRANT ALL PRIVILAGES ON DATABASE abcxyz To anyusername

Type \q and then press ENTER to quit psql.
Then logout from PostgreSQL

You now have a PostgreSQL database and a user to access that database with. Now we can install Django and set it up to use our new database.


In settings.py enter the following code to register database with django:

In database group enter:
    DATABASES = {
        'default': {
            'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2', # Add 'postgresql_psycopg2', 'mysql', 'sqlite3' or 'oracle'.
            'NAME': 'mydb',                      # Or path to database file if using sqlite3.
            # The following settings are not used with sqlite3:
            'USER': 'myuser',
            'PASSWORD': 'password',
            'HOST': 'localhost',
            'PORT': '',           # Set to empty string for default.
        }
    }
After activating the virtualenv:
Sync the database
python3 manage.py syncdb


There might be error occuring like this , if not skip this:
“””django.core.exceptions.ImproperlyConfigured: Error loading psycopg2 module: No module named 'psycopg2'”””

There seems to be a problem with your psycopg2 installation – Python does not find it
Simply write this command,
aptitude install python3-psycopg2
Then, sync the database:

